Add release instructions for static analysis and 3rd party deps (CXX-3009, CXX-3023) (#1143)
mongodb/mongo-cxx-driver: etc/releasing.md

Ensure the list of bundled dependencies in `etc/purls.txt` is up-to-date. If not, update `etc/purls.txt`.

Ensure the `silk-check-augmented-sbom` task is passing on Evergreen for the relevant release branch. If it is passing, nothing needs to be done.

If either `etc/purls.txt` was updated or the `silk-check-augmented-sbom` task is failing, update the SBOM document using the following command(s):

```bash
# Artifactory and Silk credentials. Ask for these from a team member.
. $HOME/.secrets/artifactory-creds.txt
. $HOME/.secrets/silk-creds.txt

# Output: "Login succeeded!"
podman login --password-stdin --username "${ARTIFACTORY_USER:?}" artifactory.corp.mongodb.com <<<"${ARTIFACTORY_PASSWORD:?}"

# Output: "... writing sbom to file"
podman run \
  --env-file <(
    printf "%s\n" \
      "SILK_CLIENT_ID=${SILK_CLIENT_ID:?}" \
      "SILK_CLIENT_SECRET=${SILK_CLIENT_SECRET:?}"
  ) \
  -it --rm -v "$(pwd):/pwd" \
  artifactory.corp.mongodb.com/release-tools-container-registry-public-local/silkbomb:1.0 \
  update -p "/pwd/etc/purls.txt" -i "/pwd/etc/cyclonedx.sbom.json" -o "/pwd/etc/cyclonedx.sbom.json"
```

> Ensure any vulnerabilities with severity "High" or greater have a corresponding JIRA ticket (CXX or VULN) that is scheduled to be resolved within its remediation timeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure any vulnerabilities with severity "Medium" or greater have a corresponding JIRA ticket (CXX or VULN) that is scheduled to be resolved within its [remediation timeline](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1u0m4Kj2Ny30zU74KoEFCN4L6D_FbEYCaJ3CQdCYXTMc/edit#bookmark=id.l09k96qt24jm).
```

I expect "Medium" is needed from [MongoDB Software Security Development Lifecycle Policy  > Third party dependencies](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1u0m4Kj2Ny30zU74KoEFCN4L6D_FbEYCaJ3CQdCYXTMc/edit#bookmark=id.l09k96qt24jm)
